seemed like everybody got they noses
learned oh and don't nobody really give
a fuck all they wanna do is talk shit
about you and don't nobody want to
believe too busy doutzen yeah you go
show them haters you're being loved that
too many fakers your friend club blinded
by the jealousy you later here my brain
never made it don't call don't send the
fucking me back you didn't like me I
moves on your egg there are you wagging
like you always knew that I was gonna
make it when every time I got a little
busy try to take pray to God in there
twice my dada life order to run image
like customer self real push down on me
but know what you ever thinking i'ma end
I'm gonna knocked up but if the contrary
have intimated you try to take the
credit knowing damn well you look at me
it can't fucking take you I'm doing it I
told you someone gum agreement growing
no I'm not sucking but don't worry
Nicole finca stop me no imma beat a
bitch on the TV screen your kind just go
eat a juicy little leopard me today slip
get caught and I sleep you play
short amazes
with
see you later everybody clap for the
great out your big Bubba here Bootsy
tallywags I'm just doing with bangs so
why the fuck is y'all mad got bitches
talk about me like I'm I Ricky on TV
that's how I know I'm a thorough where
celebrities they look into the sky it's
mellow out of sleep at night I'm too
goddamn flied to Ethan whoop yes and
that's my heart I strike through like a
red-eye this bitch don't fight I'm so
gonna make my pitches where we're a
strike or the shit about my name to face
look around you ain't the only hater
babe this should they nebulous super
good for Billy get you must be silly
breast I just roadies feliza the shit is
too similar so bitch like mr. yo McGraw
so the load simi's up half talk shit the
other half a straight they've been I'll
leave us hella haters is no free like
everybody
nobody really
you sure the mazes
everybody clap for the greater your
everybody clap for the great everybody
clap ipod week you're making everybody
cut up cut once you made it so fuck I
hate you tell them niggas you to brave
it everybody clap foot it great
everybody clap clap i'll link you make
you leave everybody cut up cut once you
made it so fuck a hater just tell them
niggas youtube raiders you tell them
niggas you crazy just tell them niggas
you traitors just tell them niggas you
to brave it just tell them niggas get a
brave it